README.md, before:


# gtfsrouter <a href='https://atfutures.github.io/gtfs-router/'><img src='man/figures/gtfsrouter.png' align="right" height=210 width=182/></a>

[![R build
status](https://github.com/atfutures/gtfs-router/workflows/R-CMD-check/badge.svg)](https://github.com/atfutures/gtfs-router/actions?query=workflow%3AR-CMD-check)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/ATFutures/gtfs-router/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/ATFutures/gtfs-router)
[![Project Status:
Active](https://www.repostatus.org/badges/latest/active.svg)](https://www.repostatus.org/#active)
[![CRAN\_Status\_Badge](http://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/gtfsrouter)](https://cran.r-project.org/package=gtfsrouter)
[![CRAN
Downloads](http://cranlogs.r-pkg.org/badges/grand-total/gtfsrouter?color=orange)](https://cran.r-project.org/package=gtfsrouter)

**R** package for routing with [GTFS (General Transit Feed
Specification)](https://developers.google.com/transit/gtfs/) data. See
[the website](https://atfutures.github.io/gtfs-router/) for full
details.

## Installation

You can install latest stable version of `gtfsrouter` from CRAN with:

``` r
install.packages("gtfsrouter")
```

Alternatively, current development versions can be installed using any
of the following options:

``` r
# install.packages("remotes")
remotes::install_git("https://git.sr.ht/~mpadge/gtfsrouter")
remotes::install_bitbucket("atfutures/gtfsrouter")
remotes::install_gitlab("atfutures1/gtfsrouter")
remotes::install_github("ATFutures/gtfsrouter")
```

To load the package and check the version:

``` r
library(gtfsrouter)
packageVersion("gtfsrouter")
```

    ## [1] '0.0.4.213'

## Main functions

The main functions can be demonstrated with sample data included with
the package from Berlin (the Verkehrverbund Berlin Brandenburg, or VBB).
GTFS data are always stored as `.zip` files, and these sample data can
be written to local storage with the function `berlin_gtfs_to_zip()`.

``` r
berlin_gtfs_to_zip()
tempfiles <- list.files (tempdir (), full.names = TRUE)
filename <- tempfiles [grep ("vbb.zip", tempfiles)]
filename
```

    ## [1] "/tmp/Rtmp6Hws2u/vbb.zip"

For normal package use, `filename` will specify the name of the local
GTFS data stored as a single `.zip` file.

### gtfs\_route

Given the name of a GTFS `.zip` file, `filename`, routing is as simple
as the following code:

``` r
gtfs <- extract_gtfs (filename)
gtfs <- gtfs_timetable (gtfs) # A pre-processing step to speed up queries
gtfs_route (gtfs,
            from = "Schonlein",
            to = "Berlin Hauptbahnhof",
            start_time = 12 * 3600 + 120) # 12:02 in seconds
```

| route\_name | trip\_name       | stop\_name                      | arrival\_time | departure\_time |
|:------------|:-----------------|:--------------------------------|:--------------|:----------------|
| U8          | U Paracelsus-Bad | U Schonleinstr. (Berlin)        | 12:04:00      | 12:04:00        |
| U8          | U Paracelsus-Bad | U Kottbusser Tor (Berlin)       | 12:06:00      | 12:06:00        |
| U8          | U Paracelsus-Bad | U Moritzplatz (Berlin)          | 12:08:00      | 12:08:00        |
| U8          | U Paracelsus-Bad | U Heinrich-Heine-Str. (Berlin)  | 12:09:30      | 12:09:30        |
| U8          | U Paracelsus-Bad | S+U Jannowitzbrucke (Berlin)    | 12:10:30      | 12:10:30        |
| S5          | S Westkreuz      | S+U Jannowitzbrucke (Berlin)    | 12:15:24      | 12:15:54        |
| S5          | S Westkreuz      | S+U Alexanderplatz Bhf (Berlin) | 12:17:24      | 12:18:12        |
| S5          | S Westkreuz      | S Hackescher Markt (Berlin)     | 12:19:24      | 12:19:54        |
| S5          | S Westkreuz      | S+U Friedrichstr. Bhf (Berlin)  | 12:21:24      | 12:22:12        |
| S5          | S Westkreuz      | S+U Berlin Hauptbahnhof         | 12:24:06      | 12:24:42        |

### gtfs\_traveltimes

The [`gtfs_traveltimes()`
function\`](https://atfutures.github.io/gtfs-router/reference/gtfs_traveltimes.html)
calculates minimal travel times from any nominated stop to all other
stops within a feed. It requires the two parameters of start station,
and a vector of two values specifying earliest and latest desired start
times. The following code returns the fastest travel times to all
stations within the feed for services which leave the nominated station
between 12:00 and 13:00 on a Monday:

``` r
gtfs <- extract_gtfs (filename)
gtfs <- gtfs_timetable (gtfs, day = "Monday")
x <- gtfs_traveltimes (gtfs,
                       from = "Alexanderplatz",
                       start_time_limits = c (12, 13) * 3600)
```

The function returns a simple table detailing all stations reachable
with services departing from the nominated station and start times:

``` r
head (x)
```

    ##   start_time duration ntransfers      stop_id               stop_name stop_lon
    ## 1   12:03:42 00:14:12          1 060003102223     S Bellevue (Berlin) 13.34710
    ## 2   12:00:42 00:08:36          0 060003102224     S Bellevue (Berlin) 13.34710
    ## 3   12:00:42 00:15:06          1 060003103233   S Tiergarten (Berlin) 13.33624
    ## 4   12:00:42 00:10:42          0 060003103234   S Tiergarten (Berlin) 13.33624
    ## 5   12:03:42 00:11:18          1 060003201213 S+U Berlin Hauptbahnhof 13.36892
    ## 6   12:00:42 00:05:54          0 060003201214 S+U Berlin Hauptbahnhof 13.36892
    ##   stop_lat
    ## 1 52.51995
    ## 2 52.51995
    ## 3 52.51396
    ## 4 52.51396
    ## 5 52.52585
    ## 6 52.52585

### gtfs\_transfer\_table

Feeds should include a “transfers.txt” table detailing all possible
transfers between nearby stations, yet many feeds omit these tables,
rendering them unusable for routing because transfers between services
can not be calculated. The `gtfsrouter` package also includes a
function,
[`gtfs_transfer_table()`](https://atfutures.github.io/gtfs-router/reference/gtfs_transfer_table.html),
which can calculate a transfer table for a given feed, with transfer
times calculated either using straight-line distances (the default), or
using more realistic pedestrian times routed through the underlying
street network.

This function can also be used to enable routing through multiple
adjacent or overlapping GTFS feeds. The feeds need simply be merged
through binding the rows of all tables, and the resultant aggregate feed
submitted to the
[`gtfs_transfer_table()`](https://atfutures.github.io/gtfs-router/reference/gtfs_transfer_table.html)
function. This transfer table will retain all transfers specified in the
original feeds, yet be augmented by all possible transfers between the
multiple systems up to a user-specified maximal distance stops.

## Additional Functionality

There are many ways to construct GTFS feeds. For background information,
see [`gtfs.org`](http://gtfs.org), and particularly their [GTFS
Examples](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16inL5BVcM1aU-_DcFJay_tC6Ni0wPa0nvQEstueG5k4/edit).
Feeds may include a “frequencies.txt” table which defines “service
periods”, and overrides any schedule information during the specified
times. The `gtfsrouter` package includes a function,
[`frequencies_to_stop_times()`](https://atfutures.github.io/gtfs-router/reference/frequencies_to_stop_times.html),
to convert “frequencies.txt” tables to equivalent “stop\_times.txt”
entries, to enable the feed to be used for routing.

## Contributors

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->

All contributions to this project are gratefully acknowledged using the
[`allcontributors`
package](https://github.com/ropenscilabs/allcontributors) following the
[all-contributors](https://allcontributors.org) specification.
Contributions of any kind are welcome!

### Code

<table>
<tr>
<td align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/mpadge">
<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/6697851?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>
</a><br>
<a href="https://github.com/ATFutures/gtfs-router/commits?author=mpadge">mpadge</a>
</td>
<td align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/AlexandraKapp">
<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/18367515?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>
</a><br>
<a href="https://github.com/ATFutures/gtfs-router/commits?author=AlexandraKapp">AlexandraKapp</a>
</td>
<td align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/stmarcin">
<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/11378350?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>
</a><br>
<a href="https://github.com/ATFutures/gtfs-router/commits?author=stmarcin">stmarcin</a>
</td>
<td align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/polettif">
<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/17431069?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>
</a><br>
<a href="https://github.com/ATFutures/gtfs-router/commits?author=polettif">polettif</a>
</td>
</tr>
</table>

### Issues

<table>
<tr>
<td align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/tbuckl">
<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/98956?u=9580c2ee3c03cbbe44ac8180b0f6a6725b0415f0&v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>
</a><br>
<a href="https://github.com/ATFutures/gtfs-router/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Atbuckl">tbuckl</a>
</td>
<td align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/sridharraman">
<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/570692?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>
</a><br>
<a href="https://github.com/ATFutures/gtfs-router/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Asridharraman">sridharraman</a>
</td>
<td align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/tuesd4y">
<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/13107179?u=cfcc7852d1bed6e2b17fa3f985cebf743c43b299&v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>
</a><br>
<a href="https://github.com/ATFutures/gtfs-router/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Atuesd4y">tuesd4y</a>
</td>
<td align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/luukvdmeer">
<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/26540305?u=c576e87314499815cbf698b7781ee58fd1d773e2&v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>
</a><br>
<a href="https://github.com/ATFutures/gtfs-router/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Aluukvdmeer">luukvdmeer</a>
</td>
<td align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/Robinlovelace">
<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1825120?u=461318c239e721dc40668e4b0ce6cc47731328ac&v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>
</a><br>
<a href="https://github.com/ATFutures/gtfs-router/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3ARobinlovelace">Robinlovelace</a>
</td>
<td align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/orlandoandradeb">
<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/48104481?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>
</a><br>
<a href="https://github.com/ATFutures/gtfs-router/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Aorlandoandradeb">orlandoandradeb</a>
</td>
<td align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/Maxime2506">
<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/54989587?u=6d2c848ee0c7d8a2841d47791c30eec1cab35470&v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>
</a><br>
<a href="https://github.com/ATFutures/gtfs-router/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3AMaxime2506">Maxime2506</a>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/chinhqho">
<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/47441312?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>
</a><br>
<a href="https://github.com/ATFutures/gtfs-router/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Achinhqho">chinhqho</a>
</td>
<td align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/federicotallis">
<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/25511806?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>
</a><br>
<a href="https://github.com/ATFutures/gtfs-router/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Afedericotallis">federicotallis</a>
</td>
<td align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/rafapereirabr">
<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/7448421?u=9a760f26e72cd66150784babc5da6862e7775542&v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>
</a><br>
<a href="https://github.com/ATFutures/gtfs-router/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Arafapereirabr">rafapereirabr</a>
</td>
<td align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/loanho23">
<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/48426365?u=36727e1ed27b3b6206fb922c47544ef249fad83d&v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>
</a><br>
<a href="https://github.com/ATFutures/gtfs-router/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Aloanho23">loanho23</a>
</td>
<td align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/dcooley">
<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/8093396?u=2c8d9162f246d90d433034d212b29a19e0f245c1&v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>
</a><br>
<a href="https://github.com/ATFutures/gtfs-router/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Adcooley">dcooley</a>
</td>
<td align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/dhersz">
<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1557047?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>
</a><br>
<a href="https://github.com/ATFutures/gtfs-router/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Adhersz">dhersz</a>
</td>
</tr>
</table>
<!-- markdownlint-enable -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

Commit message:

link to traveltimes vignette from readme

README.md, after:

# gtfsrouter <a href='https://atfutures.github.io/gtfs-router/'><img src='man/figures/gtfsrouter.png' align="right" height=210 width=182/></a>

[![R build
status](https://github.com/atfutures/gtfs-router/workflows/R-CMD-check/badge.svg)](https://github.com/atfutures/gtfs-router/actions?query=workflow%3AR-CMD-check)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/ATFutures/gtfs-router/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/ATFutures/gtfs-router)
[![Project Status:
Active](https://www.repostatus.org/badges/latest/active.svg)](https://www.repostatus.org/#active)
[![CRAN\_Status\_Badge](http://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/gtfsrouter)](https://cran.r-project.org/package=gtfsrouter)
[![CRAN
Downloads](http://cranlogs.r-pkg.org/badges/grand-total/gtfsrouter?color=orange)](https://cran.r-project.org/package=gtfsrouter)

**R** package for routing with [GTFS (General Transit Feed
Specification)](https://developers.google.com/transit/gtfs/) data. See
[the website](https://atfutures.github.io/gtfs-router/) for full
details.

## Installation

You can install latest stable version of `gtfsrouter` from CRAN with:

``` r
install.packages("gtfsrouter")
```

Alternatively, current development versions can be installed using any
of the following options:

``` r
# install.packages("remotes")
remotes::install_git("https://git.sr.ht/~mpadge/gtfsrouter")
remotes::install_bitbucket("atfutures/gtfsrouter")
remotes::install_gitlab("atfutures1/gtfsrouter")
remotes::install_github("ATFutures/gtfsrouter")
```

To load the package and check the version:

``` r
library(gtfsrouter)
packageVersion("gtfsrouter")
```

    ## [1] '0.0.4.213'

## Main functions

The main functions can be demonstrated with sample data included with
the package from Berlin (the Verkehrverbund Berlin Brandenburg, or VBB).
GTFS data are always stored as `.zip` files, and these sample data can
be written to local storage with the function `berlin_gtfs_to_zip()`.

``` r
berlin_gtfs_to_zip()
tempfiles <- list.files (tempdir (), full.names = TRUE)
filename <- tempfiles [grep ("vbb.zip", tempfiles)]
filename
```

    ## [1] "/tmp/Rtmppvw1ly/vbb.zip"

For normal package use, `filename` will specify the name of the local
GTFS data stored as a single `.zip` file.

### gtfs\_route

Given the name of a GTFS `.zip` file, `filename`, routing is as simple
as the following code:

``` r
gtfs <- extract_gtfs (filename)
gtfs <- gtfs_timetable (gtfs) # A pre-processing step to speed up queries
gtfs_route (gtfs,
            from = "Schonlein",
            to = "Berlin Hauptbahnhof",
            start_time = 12 * 3600 + 120) # 12:02 in seconds
```

| route\_name | trip\_name       | stop\_name                      | arrival\_time | departure\_time |
|:------------|:-----------------|:--------------------------------|:--------------|:----------------|
| U8          | U Paracelsus-Bad | U Schonleinstr. (Berlin)        | 12:04:00      | 12:04:00        |
| U8          | U Paracelsus-Bad | U Kottbusser Tor (Berlin)       | 12:06:00      | 12:06:00        |
| U8          | U Paracelsus-Bad | U Moritzplatz (Berlin)          | 12:08:00      | 12:08:00        |
| U8          | U Paracelsus-Bad | U Heinrich-Heine-Str. (Berlin)  | 12:09:30      | 12:09:30        |
| U8          | U Paracelsus-Bad | S+U Jannowitzbrucke (Berlin)    | 12:10:30      | 12:10:30        |
| S5          | S Westkreuz      | S+U Jannowitzbrucke (Berlin)    | 12:15:24      | 12:15:54        |
| S5          | S Westkreuz      | S+U Alexanderplatz Bhf (Berlin) | 12:17:24      | 12:18:12        |
| S5          | S Westkreuz      | S Hackescher Markt (Berlin)     | 12:19:24      | 12:19:54        |
| S5          | S Westkreuz      | S+U Friedrichstr. Bhf (Berlin)  | 12:21:24      | 12:22:12        |
| S5          | S Westkreuz      | S+U Berlin Hauptbahnhof         | 12:24:06      | 12:24:42        |

### gtfs\_traveltimes

The [`gtfs_traveltimes()`
function\`](https://atfutures.github.io/gtfs-router/reference/gtfs_traveltimes.html)
calculates minimal travel times from any nominated stop to all other
stops within a feed. It requires the two parameters of start station,
and a vector of two values specifying earliest and latest desired start
times. The following code returns the fastest travel times to all
stations within the feed for services which leave the nominated station
between 12:00 and 13:00 on a Monday:

``` r
gtfs <- extract_gtfs (filename)
gtfs <- gtfs_timetable (gtfs, day = "Monday")
x <- gtfs_traveltimes (gtfs,
                       from = "Alexanderplatz",
                       start_time_limits = c (12, 13) * 3600)
```

The function returns a simple table detailing all stations reachable
with services departing from the nominated station and start times:

``` r
head (x)
```

    ##   start_time duration ntransfers      stop_id               stop_name stop_lon
    ## 1   12:03:42 00:14:12          1 060003102223     S Bellevue (Berlin) 13.34710
    ## 2   12:00:42 00:08:36          0 060003102224     S Bellevue (Berlin) 13.34710
    ## 3   12:00:42 00:15:06          1 060003103233   S Tiergarten (Berlin) 13.33624
    ## 4   12:00:42 00:10:42          0 060003103234   S Tiergarten (Berlin) 13.33624
    ## 5   12:03:42 00:11:18          1 060003201213 S+U Berlin Hauptbahnhof 13.36892
    ## 6   12:00:42 00:05:54          0 060003201214 S+U Berlin Hauptbahnhof 13.36892
    ##   stop_lat
    ## 1 52.51995
    ## 2 52.51995
    ## 3 52.51396
    ## 4 52.51396
    ## 5 52.52585
    ## 6 52.52585

Further details are provided in a [separate
vignette](https://atfutures.github.io/gtfs-router/articles/traveltimes.html).

### gtfs\_transfer\_table

Feeds should include a “transfers.txt” table detailing all possible
transfers between nearby stations, yet many feeds omit these tables,
rendering them unusable for routing because transfers between services
can not be calculated. The `gtfsrouter` package also includes a
function,
[`gtfs_transfer_table()`](https://atfutures.github.io/gtfs-router/reference/gtfs_transfer_table.html),
which can calculate a transfer table for a given feed, with transfer
times calculated either using straight-line distances (the default), or
using more realistic pedestrian times routed through the underlying
street network.

This function can also be used to enable routing through multiple
adjacent or overlapping GTFS feeds. The feeds need simply be merged
through binding the rows of all tables, and the resultant aggregate feed
submitted to the
[`gtfs_transfer_table()`](https://atfutures.github.io/gtfs-router/reference/gtfs_transfer_table.html)
function. This transfer table will retain all transfers specified in the
original feeds, yet be augmented by all possible transfers between the
multiple systems up to a user-specified maximal distance stops.

## Additional Functionality

There are many ways to construct GTFS feeds. For background information,
see [`gtfs.org`](http://gtfs.org), and particularly their [GTFS
Examples](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16inL5BVcM1aU-_DcFJay_tC6Ni0wPa0nvQEstueG5k4/edit).
Feeds may include a “frequencies.txt” table which defines “service
periods”, and overrides any schedule information during the specified
times. The `gtfsrouter` package includes a function,
[`frequencies_to_stop_times()`](https://atfutures.github.io/gtfs-router/reference/frequencies_to_stop_times.html),
to convert “frequencies.txt” tables to equivalent “stop\_times.txt”
entries, to enable the feed to be used for routing.

## Contributors

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->

All contributions to this project are gratefully acknowledged using the
[`allcontributors`
package](https://github.com/ropenscilabs/allcontributors) following the
[all-contributors](https://allcontributors.org) specification.
Contributions of any kind are welcome!

### Code

<table>
<tr>
<td align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/mpadge">
<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/6697851?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>
</a><br>
<a href="https://github.com/ATFutures/gtfs-router/commits?author=mpadge">mpadge</a>
</td>
<td align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/AlexandraKapp">
<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/18367515?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>
</a><br>
<a href="https://github.com/ATFutures/gtfs-router/commits?author=AlexandraKapp">AlexandraKapp</a>
</td>
<td align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/stmarcin">
<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/11378350?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>
</a><br>
<a href="https://github.com/ATFutures/gtfs-router/commits?author=stmarcin">stmarcin</a>
</td>
<td align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/polettif">
<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/17431069?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>
</a><br>
<a href="https://github.com/ATFutures/gtfs-router/commits?author=polettif">polettif</a>
</td>
</tr>
</table>

### Issues

<table>
<tr>
<td align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/tbuckl">
<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/98956?u=9580c2ee3c03cbbe44ac8180b0f6a6725b0415f0&v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>
</a><br>
<a href="https://github.com/ATFutures/gtfs-router/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Atbuckl">tbuckl</a>
</td>
<td align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/sridharraman">
<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/570692?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>
</a><br>
<a href="https://github.com/ATFutures/gtfs-router/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Asridharraman">sridharraman</a>
</td>
<td align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/tuesd4y">
<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/13107179?u=cfcc7852d1bed6e2b17fa3f985cebf743c43b299&v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>
</a><br>
<a href="https://github.com/ATFutures/gtfs-router/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Atuesd4y">tuesd4y</a>
</td>
<td align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/luukvdmeer">
<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/26540305?u=c576e87314499815cbf698b7781ee58fd1d773e2&v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>
</a><br>
<a href="https://github.com/ATFutures/gtfs-router/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Aluukvdmeer">luukvdmeer</a>
</td>
<td align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/Robinlovelace">
<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1825120?u=461318c239e721dc40668e4b0ce6cc47731328ac&v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>
</a><br>
<a href="https://github.com/ATFutures/gtfs-router/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3ARobinlovelace">Robinlovelace</a>
</td>
<td align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/orlandoandradeb">
<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/48104481?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>
</a><br>
<a href="https://github.com/ATFutures/gtfs-router/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Aorlandoandradeb">orlandoandradeb</a>
</td>
<td align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/Maxime2506">
<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/54989587?u=6d2c848ee0c7d8a2841d47791c30eec1cab35470&v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>
</a><br>
<a href="https://github.com/ATFutures/gtfs-router/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3AMaxime2506">Maxime2506</a>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/chinhqho">
<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/47441312?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>
</a><br>
<a href="https://github.com/ATFutures/gtfs-router/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Achinhqho">chinhqho</a>
</td>
<td align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/federicotallis">
<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/25511806?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>
</a><br>
<a href="https://github.com/ATFutures/gtfs-router/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Afedericotallis">federicotallis</a>
</td>
<td align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/rafapereirabr">
<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/7448421?u=9a760f26e72cd66150784babc5da6862e7775542&v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>
</a><br>
<a href="https://github.com/ATFutures/gtfs-router/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Arafapereirabr">rafapereirabr</a>
</td>
<td align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/loanho23">
<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/48426365?u=36727e1ed27b3b6206fb922c47544ef249fad83d&v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>
</a><br>
<a href="https://github.com/ATFutures/gtfs-router/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Aloanho23">loanho23</a>
</td>
<td align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/dcooley">
<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/8093396?u=2c8d9162f246d90d433034d212b29a19e0f245c1&v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>
</a><br>
<a href="https://github.com/ATFutures/gtfs-router/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Adcooley">dcooley</a>
</td>
<td align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/dhersz">
<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1557047?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>
</a><br>
<a href="https://github.com/ATFutures/gtfs-router/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Adhersz">dhersz</a>
</td>
</tr>
</table>
<!-- markdownlint-enable -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->
